Oh yes
Hello everybody Today, Apple watch that was released to Korea in 2 months of ALP
I want to talk to you while I feel the first light.
Most flags are also in the white box.
In the case of imported apple worth of sports models long Hmm horizontal angle was used
On the right side of the box, you will find Apple's name ,
It pointed out that the center has built a written Roach Apple logo on top
And the serial number , serial number, and additional details at the bottom
One thing to keep in mind is that the more expensive model, Apple ,
It has been close to a square box of books Awakening
Unopened, like all Apple products, is full.
You can cut the vinyl and open the box.
The box is heavy as expected.
Slide the top cover up and hold the plastic with the Apple watch
The box will be visible immediately
I can be a little different from Flor or Apple, but my family model
Because it is sports, I will tell you based on sports
Inside the paper that says Apple's designs juicy kid Inkel players
At the bottom of the package , Apple Roche's wireless charger and charging terminal
There is
There I tied plastic wrap off the sticker on the wireless sector, if the charging terminal
Two-tone magnet charging cradle that is slightly gray and white to be able to check
There is
Unlike other big ios their value as Apple put it on the cladding
It will charge in the way
In the case of emotional paper wrapping , a brief description of the chi to Apple as expected
With the documentation
There were a lot of papers, but one half of the sports band
I could not find a representative sticker.
Of course, these features are also based on the Apple Roche sport model.
Finally, in the plastic box containing the flot sports body, b 4 c
If you open it , you can check Apple's sport.
In case of a plastic box containing an Apple Coach Luxurious suede inside
It was made of material and the weight of the box itself was considerably heavy.
I am model of Apple Attract Sport 42mm Space Gray Black Sports
It's a band.
I thought the first impression was not as big as 42mm as expected .
When I first unplugged, I wrapped the body of the plastic serial 4 plug.
Please remove the sticker on the side of us out as far plus a modern fully
It will be released.
Spray the entire body is a little more heart rate measurement in the middle, at the bottom
A brief on the model and the material of the Apple Watch, which surrounds the sensor and the sensor
Information is written, and at the bottom of the window you can change the long oval
There is a home
Based on the 40mm model, Apple is about 1.5cm hitting Amor Red
Side panels and a built-in Retina display, you can scroll and zoom revenue
Digital Crown'll button that acts lies
On the other side there are two rear speakers and one microphone
For sports liquidation it built basically the same alienated and say jelly
I did not feel very luxurious, but I felt cheap
It was not.
Then bend the flexible sense of well-being that is constantly pulling force to hold
It seemed that it would not only be in my daily life .
It is not worth the price of 65,000 won to sell to such an apple store
The same
Action to secure the insert in a fixed band width ssoereo formula Alternatively
I do not want to fix it first, but put the rest of the panties in the fixture.
Since the recent order is not very general and unstable,
I think it's very likely that you'll drop it to
The feeling when worn is similar to the usual watch weight,
I did not think it was heavy .
In terms of sanctions, it's just like a clock, but it's a smart clock.
There was no feeling
To run the flot , you have to have the required iPhone unconditionally .
flo Model Chen iPhone 5c is available with all
To turn on the first power, do not press the button at the bottom, but inside the digital crown
You can hold the focus in five seconds .
Apple with a very low brightness enough to be hard to see outdoors with the naked eye
The logo comes up in self-service room
Open the Apple logo over some time window in which the arm can make language settings
It supports various languages that are made can also be selected by touch and digital out
We could have scrolled to the crown and picked one thing.
It was a very soft, solid feeling with digital cranes.
When you first set the language and complete the language setting, it only takes about 5 minutes
Loading
Once the language is set, you should now be able to connect to iPhone 5.
Enter the iPhone Apple Watch application, tap Start Connection,
If you click Start Connection in the Outback, Apple Light will show a little light on the sphere
Start
If you recognize it as a two-sphere in the iPhone, you can work with the iPhone 's floor
Two words are executed for
Of course, Bluetooth must be turned on
Because you are purchasing the plug-7 for the first time ,
It was selected after a joiner orientation Terms and apple id kids MESSAGE
The synchronization between the two end surfaces than both the Location Services setting of the diagnostic password Seals
It starts.
It was slow to feel the synchronization process awkward and about 10 minutes of alienation
Do not look directly at the process of releasing it, just release the Apple watch
I recommend you to wait while doing something else for a while
After synchronization is complete, the last time a little behind with the clock that is Apple worth screen
Come up
Ah
I 've summarized the opening feeling and the first impression in today's apple and sieve.
In future reviews, we'll look more closely at Apple's enthusiasm.
If you enjoyed this video was of a good, and hold the bottom button on the Subscribe button
Please press
I will return to the next video in more detail. Thank you.